feat(discover-split): Update Discover, Alerts, Dashboards docs (#11101)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/dashboards/widget-builder/index.mdx

## Choose Your Dataset

In the dataset selection step, choose which type of data you would like to use in your widget. This data is classified into four different datasets: [errors](#error), [transactions](#transactions), [issues](#issues), and [releases](#releases).

### Errors

> Choosing "Errors" allows you to query and aggregate error events in the same way you would for a [Discover Query](/product/explore/discover-queries/). This data is comprised of errors that occur in your application, which Sentry will use to group into issues. Some widget examples include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choosing "Errors" allows you to query and aggregate error events in the same way you would for a [Discover Query](/product/explore/discover-queries/). This data is comprised of errors that occur in your application, which Sentry will use to group into issues, for example:
```
